welcome to digitize i am your host mo
and today we're in san diego california
for Comic Con 2015 and I'm gonna ask
people one question do you even splash
we found you we found Captain Jack
Sparrow we thought it was impossible but
we found them could you please tell us
your impressions on the past couple days
here at comic-con but honestly it's
quite strange I found that there are
less people dressed up as they used to
be and there's more people just hears it
experience the corn licious noise which
is nice but hundreds and hundreds of
lines right and left everyone wants the
next my little pony for you oh true i
know i have to ask you though century
you know you sent your Jack Sparrow what
is your impression welcome Captain Jack
Sparrow we need to clarify that what is
your impression on hugh jackman being
cast as the next Jack Sparrow hey Jack
well honestly I'll think I'm better
looking but if if it means that all gets
have Wolverine claws leg then okay with
it it's ok but as long as you also have
rum yes rum and Wolverine calls oh what
a deadly combination
buenas tardes look what we have here
could you please tell us your names hi
I'm devil and you know me Jesus AKA
hay-soos i saw that you were actually
interacting with some people there's
some protesters did you have any word to
tell them about Jesus and sins I told
them they don't need to fear God
everybody loves everybody and they are
just a little bit too fanatical for me a
beautiful message by Jesus Christ one
final question you see my shirt didn't
do you see it I want i want everyone to
do this can you splash do you even
splash I splash every day every day
phenomenal
ok
you
could you give us your name sir name is
michael ward and today i'm cosplaying as
a pretty whipped you are booker do it
today you are not Elizabeth I'm not
Elizabeth I could have sworn you were
Elizabeth uh I don't have the dress
thank you I think you were looking
address maybe the blue will bring out my
eyes of course yeah beauty at its finest
how's the last couple days been for you
right here at comic-con really hot it's
been really hot here especially
yesterday and the fact that there's like
millions of people here doesn't help
that's true there are about like four to
five million thousand people here that's
a true statistic believe it and one
final question do you even splash
yeah I more of the tail lip tell it tell
him
we are at comic-con and we have a
special guest with us could you please
tell us your name is favorite to the bow
what is your take on everything that's
been going on these past couple days
right here at comic-con I know that
you've been here for a couple days
gentlemen and picnics is in big bear oh
man big ones yeah it was a lost faith it
wasn't focusing and his name was r2d2
and he's not your friend oh you may
press r2 d2 how cool with you if I stick
with him did you win you lost to a
little robots yeah that's true you can't
do that especially with your wings you
know do you like my cosplay Lucas plan
has demanded banana husband I am a man
with a banana on my head I was the
victim
Oh
me
hey there I'm Danny and I mom and
together we are digitized thank you for
watching our adventure San Diego Comic
Con 2015 we couldn't get much fresher
inside since Danny didn't get a badge we
tried the new conscious them so guys the
story father it sucks so hard but if you
enjoyed this video be sure to check out
our other shenanigans at other
conventions right subscribe and share
this video with all your comrades bye
bye